there is no more important indication of
a weak economy than one that cannot be
sustained on its own a stock market
which has been held up by nothing more
than our imagination is sure to take a
turn for the worse but who will be left
holding the worthless paper confetti
when it all comes down you came here for
the truth today we are going to look at
what has been keeping this economy alive
let's begin the fruit of
financialization soaring income
inequality what we are seeing here with
these two lines the gray line is in 1980
the red line is 2014 and you will see
the lower-income households had the
highest growth in 1980 this line shows
you that the higher the income the lower
the growth rates
well things have really changed it's
reversed the higher the income the
higher the growth rate look at this
going straight to the moon now the super
wealthy garner virtually all of the
income growth that connects in with this
next chart for richer and poorer average
family income excluding capital gains
adjusted for inflation and we have two
lines 2002 is in the gold color and the
blue color is 2012 while there is
obviously a disparity here what's
important to note is that first of all
there's the bottom 90% of people have
seen a decline in the average family
income whereas you look at the rest
they're all gaining but I believe that
the finger is pointed at the wrong
people there's the top 1% or in this
case top 1% to 0.5 but a lot of people
are focusing on the top 10% to 5%
whereas the individual may be he earns
$200,000 a year and he drives a Ferrari
and he's doing well a lot of people
focus their attention on those
individuals and I think that is a big
mistake
because it's not those people who are
earning the most amount of income who
are taking the most from you and I they
may hire people they may be a small
business they may be doing a lot of
things for the community
however the further up the ladder we go
the worse it becomes the top 0.01% in
fact increased 76 percent you can see
once again there is that disparity there
and you will have to understand that
those in the richest of the rich they
are the ones with the most money they
have been getting the most income
increases they have the most control
they have the most power over everything
every sector every single thing that we
are involved in these charts will
continue to become more exaggerated as
time goes on it is a simple matter of
fact unless something major changes I
don't see that because in fact during
any crises we see that these have really
just gotten even worse they use these
crises as a basically their chance to
consolidate power and they will do so
again in the future it's pretty obvious
the simple reason why 80 percent of
Americans can't save money there's a
couple points that I wanted to make here
we're looking at this dotted line as
income needed by a family of four okay
and the bottom 80% it's not even there
look at this like dismal growth that we
have seen since they're showing year
1967 okay when you compare that to the
top 20% on the top 5% you will see that
the richer you are the richer you've
become that's sort of self-fulfilling
prophecy now this is what I wanted to
get into where this video
here there are three charts
interconnected with this consumer credit
lo and behold a record high it doesn't
surprise me that we have surpassed what
was seen during the financial crisis
today and we are seeing a very high
level of escalation just in the recent
period here but that this will have to
increase because debt cannot go down
credit must be expanded for this system
to continue if as long as everybody paid
everything back the whole system would
be a thing of the past
so that connects in with this right here
showing you essentially the same
information but from the Fed directly
from their website total revolving
credit owned and securitized and right
here like I said you'll see the same
information the reason I mention this is
this securitized imagine your debt which
was created out of thin air is then
packaged up they place a bow on top of
it and they sell it to the highest
bidder it's a fraud it's a scheme that
they've been not only allowed to do they
have been increasing since the financial
crisis things have become worse these
are derivative products and derivatives
are something that nobody nobody should
ever get into this is far more dangerous
than any of the other markets out there
people don't realize that but that
simple matter of fact let's go to the
next one here quickly credit fuel
consumption comparing the personal
consumption expenditures and the red
line is debt and you'll see that while
yes the consumption has increased every
single year except for a little blip
during the financial crisis debt has
expanded astronomically and that's what
people do I think that this is a big
stake to expand the debt as an
individual you want to pay down your
debt because those in control have
created this debt as a system to enslave
us however we have the power to fight
back spot palladium I needed to mention
this because the numbers had become so
high in fact palladium had hit a level
it hadn't hit for basically this is back
in 2000 2001 right at its peak there so
this level has come up dramatically and
it's been on fire for the last two years
essentially going up in a straight line
it's something to keep your eyes on it's
certainly a lot stronger than it was
during the last rise where we saw it
become meteoric in a very short period
of time but of course dropped just as
fast and two more very quickly here to
talk about Amazon I've been just
researching a lot of what Amazon is
doing active fulfillment centers look at
this
they have two hundred and thirty okay
the next largest one has 23 they are
dominating I mean this company is taking
over everything I don't think we're
allowed to talk about this on here
anymore I'll stop right there but anyway
it's approximately 40 times more
fulfillment logistics centers across the
US and the average number of DCs across
our coverage universe okay it's just
it's huge it is something that we need
to really look at because you can see
that it goes from being something of
convenience something of you know
something to look into and then it goes
into okay wait a second this is a huge
monopoly this is causing a lot of
problems and it's going to do what
Walmart had done to a lot of small shops
and now Amazon could put everything out
of business very fast much faster than
what Walmart had done to small towns
everywhere
in a short span of time Amazon has
wreaked havoc with retailers by flexing
at the online muscle have launched an
onslaught of e-books drones and digital
Butler's and then it went in and about
Whole Foods
now it's gearing up to unleash on the
British fashion market in the form of a
velvet thigh high boots oversized trench
coats and celestial patterned dresses
they're getting in to fashion so they
are expanding into every market it seems
it has been going up just on such a high
degree their stock itself but also the
interest in the company they've been
acquiring companies along the way
quietly not really saying too much and
this is something that we need to
realize that it's becoming quite a
threat that's all I'm going to say I
mean obviously it's it's great for some
reasons the fact that I'm able to sell
my book on there is is excellent but at
the same time it's a double-edged sword
because we need to look at the
possibilities of it all so that's all
for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my newer release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
look through these books for yourself
the first book is about the for asset
class is another profit from it whereas
global economic collapse is about
reducing your monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient solar panels and much
more that is at Amazon you can flip
through them links are in the
description below
take care